README.md, before:

# Future Icebaker readme

# Preparing the Environment
## Configuring Environment Variables
Inside __.env.local__ populate the following  
- BINANCE_ENDPOINT=https://data-seed-prebsc-2-s1.binance.org:8545/
- BINANCE_SECRET_KEY : this is your private key containing a funded binance wallet for interacting with the smart contract
- GRAPHCMS_ENDPOINT : this is your GRAPHCMS endpoint
- GRAPHCMS_MUTATION_TOKEN : this is your GRAPHCMS mutation token (Permanent Access Token)
- NEXTAUTH_DATABASE_URL : this is your mongo-db URL (with username and password)
- NEXTAUTH_GOOGLE_ID : this is your google id for OAUTH
- NEXTAUTH_GOOGLE_SECRET : this is your google secret for OAUTH
- NEXTAUTH_URL=http://localhost:3000

Inside __.secret__ store the same BINANCE_SECRET_KEY as above. This .secret file is used to compile and deploy your Smart Contracts

## Startup
To begin, run the following commands (version 14+ of NodeJS):
- npm install
- npm install --g truffle
- truffle compile
- truffle migrate --network binance --reset
- npm run link-contracts
- npm run dev

## Pending Items
- Questions / Answers from friends
- Tipping (the services are ready for tipping, we just need the backend for the questions, the friends' email and address, and functionality for tipping)
- Redeeming Tips based on email address

## Completed Items
- Storage of the address into mongodb
- Loading of address into session object (session.user.address)
- Registration and Wallet connection (clicking the Connect Wallet will now save the address into the mongodb)

Commit message:

Updated mongodb - included NEXTAUTH_DATABASE default to icebakers

README.md, after:

# Future Icebaker readme

# Preparing the Environment
## Configuring Environment Variables
Inside __.env.local__ populate the following  
- BINANCE_ENDPOINT=https://data-seed-prebsc-2-s1.binance.org:8545/
- BINANCE_SECRET_KEY : this is your private key containing a funded binance wallet for interacting with the smart contract
- GRAPHCMS_ENDPOINT : this is your GRAPHCMS endpoint
- GRAPHCMS_MUTATION_TOKEN : this is your GRAPHCMS mutation token (Permanent Access Token)
- NEXTAUTH_DATABASE_URL : this is your mongo-db URL (with username and password)
- NEXTAUTH_GOOGLE_ID : this is your google id for OAUTH
- NEXTAUTH_GOOGLE_SECRET : this is your google secret for OAUTH
- NEXTAUTH_URL=http://localhost:3000
- NEXTAUTH_DATABASE : the database to connect to (default to icebakers)

Inside __.secret__ store the same BINANCE_SECRET_KEY as above. This .secret file is used to compile and deploy your Smart Contracts

## Startup
To begin, run the following commands (version 14+ of NodeJS):
- npm install
- npm install --g truffle
- truffle compile
- truffle migrate --network binance --reset
- npm run link-contracts
- npm run dev

## Pending Items
- Questions / Answers from friends
- Tipping (the services are ready for tipping, we just need the backend for the questions, the friends' email and address, and functionality for tipping)
- Redeeming Tips based on email address

## Completed Items
- Storage of the address into mongodb
- Loading of address into session object (session.user.address)
- Registration and Wallet connection (clicking the Connect Wallet will now save the address into the mongodb)
